finding some money on the ground a
hundred years ago you could think
yourself lucky if you pick up something
valuable today though it most likely
means trouble
here's a list of things you should never
pick up SIM cards picking one up and
setting it into your phone you might
find a huge debt on yourself creditors
might call you to get their money back
SIM cards can't fall out of the phone by
accident they're thrown away on purpose
also this card could be extracted from a
stolen phone and if you start using it
you will attract the attention of the
police headphones this is the same as
picking up a toothbrush or a towel on
the street head phones are home to a lot
of germs even if you clean them
thoroughly before using it
there's a chance for you to get sick
this is especially true for vacuum
headphones with foam pads electronic
devices first of all if you see a radio
transmitter mobile phone or tablet lying
on the road who never touch it it might
be unsafe and put there on purpose so
that you or any curious person picks it
up but if you still wrist it take it to
the nearest police office don't take it
with you because you don't know who this
device belonged to or how it was
tampered with jewelry stuff a diamond
ring or a gold bracelet is glimmering on
the ground of course you want to pick it
up and take a look at this point a
person may appear on the street and
accuse you of stealing their jewelry and
they don't even need a witness because
you've already left your fingerprints on
the item the owner can demand money and
call the police have you refused so if
you see some shiny stuff on the ground
turn on the camera on your phone first
shoot it and say loudly and clearly that
you've just found the jewelry ancient
coins and artifacts searching for such
items is illegal in many countries if
the local police catch you while
treasure hunting it will be difficult to
prove you found something by accident
ancient items are the cultural heritage
of the country if there is definitely no
one around you can pick the item up and
take it to a museum where they will
evaluate
some museums give rewards for this by
the way but don't walk around with a
metal detector fraudsters can use
vintage items to get money from you -
imagine you're walking down the street
and a stranger comes up to you showing
an old coin
it looks pretty authentic to you the
stranger pretends to be homeless and
says that no one buys it from him for a
good price since people don't believe
them but they will believe you
the stranger can even show images of
this coin on the Internet
word is worth thousands of dollars you
give them a twenty take the coin and
bring it to the pawn shop but it turns
out that the coins are cheap forgery
worth a couple of bucks at most wallets
money and credit cards you walk down the
street and find a wallet or wide of
money tied with a rubber band there's no
one around so you pick it up and give it
to the police of course and suddenly a
stranger appears they ask you to share
the money with them it doesn't matter
whether you share or not because another
person will come up soon the second one
will introduce themselves as the wallet
owner and say you've stolen their money
the first person will then turn into a
witness who will confirm the theft these
two could go to the police if you
wouldn't give them not only the found
money but your own to always check your
surroundings before picking up such
items if you feel somebody's watching or
following you leave it be
pins and syringes and adult will never
pick these items up from the ground but
it is very important to teach children
the same you can easily prick yourself
on these objects and get sick so never
touch them you can put on thick gloves
take some napkins and pick the pin or a
sharp object up and throw it in the
trash
this way you reduce the chances that
someone else gets hurt
hedgehogs birds beautiful caterpillars
you go in a high gear picnic and see a
little bird squeaking nearby don't touch
it its parents are probably already
looking for it try to find a nearby nest
and if it isn't there move away from the
bird and
if you have to leave and his parents
still didn't appear you can contact the
local zoo where they will feed and raise
the baby Jude hedgehogs can be dangerous
as they are carriers of various diseases
and beautiful caterpillars can be
venomous better enjoy your picnic and
don't interfere with the wildlife bags
books and containers you may come across
a book a small box or something else you
can put things inside don't pick it up
because it can be used by criminals to
pass prohibited stuff to each other if
you take it you can become their
unwilling accomplice the stuff inside
such a container can also be pretty
dangerous but not everything you can
find by chance is bad some things can
make you rich and in an absolutely legal
way in New Zealand Denmark South America
and Australia for example people search
for the teeth of an ancient Mick Ladon
shark one tooth of this extinct monster
can be worth thousands of dollars the
remains of ancient creatures such as
dinosaurs or mammoths are not cultural
heritage but they're of great value to
archeologists things found on private
property belonged to the finder in the
US and many other countries so if you're
lucky you might find something cool
right in your backyard a couple in
England for instance discovered a
Victorian kitchen in the basement of
their parents house it was complete with
pots stove tables plates and even
cutlery despite the great value of the
find the couple decided to keep the
kitchen but probably the coolest
discovery was made in the middle of the
20th century in Turkey a local resident
knocked down a wall to repair his house
and accidentally opened a passage to a
large underground city it goes down
about 18 floors and it's area could
accommodate around 20,000 people
hopefully they didn't add all that
footage to his property tax bill
[Music]